it's been hard to imagine what it was
like for Dell to watch our secret
shopper series and have all their worst
problems brought to light but after
today I won't have to imagine it and
neither will Nick because I paid five of
you to secret shop our store and I'm
sitting with the Creator Warehouse head
of product Nick light to enjoy the
results
firsthand we didn't tell him we were
doing this
I say Enjoy because I got a sneak peek
and it's not all sunshine and rainbows
unlike this segue to our
sponsor this is a star Odo throw away
all those mismatching apps that you're
using to run your business with odo's
all-in-one software you can focus on
your end goal making money click the
link in the description or watch till
the end of this video to learn more
[Music]
we started with prominent contributors
from our community then we picked two
more applicants at random from our
Discord this was done to ensure that if
we misrepresented the experience we
could be held accountable by these
strong voices each Shopper was given
$300 to spend at LTT store.com and given
the task of fabricating a reasonable
issue with the order and Reporting on
the customer service experience to
ensure that their stories would be
plausible we reached out to a
disgruntled former member of the LTT
store team for some inside information
so there's plenty of issues that come up
on the day-to-day desk pads that will
show up with marks and scuffs on them
long shipping times is one that we would
hear about a lot there'd be missing
items missing bonus bin items um the
free stuff
uh water bottle Lids that would break
right here and screwdriver bit storage
that would be misassembled and would um
separate from the rest of the driver
okay are you having fun yet um it's a
journey let's see how we did starting
with secret agent n fact Checker
extraordinaire from the ECC Squad who
ordered stickers lounge pants a sketchy
women's v-neck a screwdriver some bits
and the big boy 2000 x600 PTM 7950
thermal pad right out of the gate it
wasn't too good because na had a real
problem
all right she didn't have to fabricate
one the thermal pad got squished and
seeped out of the sides of the packet o
oh not the best
okay I've seen
worse sure not ideal it looks like some
of it escaped from the envelope and
melted into the fabric ouch
oh so Squish and heat cuz the squish
like the edge seepage yeah not that big
of a deal that'll still work if it gets
on the
shirt sucks y okay here's what we said
so in regards to your T-shirt I would be
happy to replace this for you at no
additional cost as for your PTM 7950 it
remains usable in this state due to the
semi- liquid nature of the material it
can be reshaped or used in an imperfect
form factor as needed the pressure of
your machine's heat sync will ensure
that all the necessary amount of contact
is achieved for this reason we've
declined to offer replacement for this
item we do not require you to send back
that effective merchandise please feel
free to keep it or dispose of it as you
see fit thank you for the reply and
replacement t-shirt I'm afraid I'm still
not happy about the PTM 7950 question
for you though plof was she actually
upset or did we ask her to hammer on it
uh I actually did reach out to Na and
ask if she could be our disgruntled
customer ah disgruntlement but then when
the real issue happened and this was the
reply she got back you'll see why she
was actually a little unhappy okay I'm
aware it could technically be used but
the damage it suffered is going to make
it more difficult than it would normally
be so it's not what I bought I know
it'll work but I wanted this because I
thought it would be easier and better
than regular thermal paste which is true
I think so far everyone's actually been
pretty reasonable yep agreed
no okay well hold on a second so that
was a Saturday to hold on yeah so the
23rd wait is the 12th a
holiday no so was the week following a
holiday oh boy I think if we were to
speak with the support team the
reasoning would have been recovery from
the holiday week taking a little bit
longer to get started on the following
week with that said that is something
that we can actively work on and improve
the imperfections will not affect
performance we recommend putting it in
the freezer for a few hours to make it
easier to work with if you have issues
with it let us know we'd be happy to
help as best we can record your thermals
blah blah etc etc also correct it is way
easier to work with if you cool it down
and it is possible that the difficulty
that she had working with it was because
it wasn't cold when she was attempting
to use it I don't feel like doing PTM
jigsaw is a fair statement you replace
the T-shirt without question now you
won't replace the PTM 7950 if you accept
the T-shirt was damaged you must surely
also accept that not all of the PTM 7950
is still in the packaging could you at
least replace the 3/4 of it that is
damaged okay it took us a little longer
than we'd probably like it's August the
20th by now but but it looks like we did
send a replacement for the PTM 7950
although we called it TPM in this case
um and we're going to send two actually
since they're working with a thread
Ripper just in case the issue occurs
again in shipping we should receive a
new order confirmation and let us know
if there are any other issues so not
going to
lie I was a little stressed until I read
that I'm a little stressed still but
here we are did you know about this case
did this get escalated to you or like it
did not um but the typical escalation
path these days is not actually to me so
we have a number of other leaders on the
team these days and that's not me
shirking responsibility that's just me
giving an explanation I'm really glad to
see that we did wind up dealing with it
we did wind up getting a replacement up
to the customer uh and hopefully from
there they were able to utilize it
without issue here's what na ne had to
say I've actually decided to give two
ratings because there were two
experiences together and they were
vastly different
first for the real issue with the PTM
I'm going to give this a 2 and 1/2 out
of five this was an unpleasant support
experience but the eventual resolution
was practical and focus on solving the
actual problem instead of just blindly
replacing the item I couldn't make use
of it in the state to arrive because of
my physical disabilities in the end I
managed to convey this and support
agreed that rather than replacing the
whole sheet they would send two
additional smaller sheets to stand in
for the areas I won't be able to use in
my opinion it was a perfect resolution
because it solves the real problem while
reducing waste if they'd offered this
the first couple of emails it would have
been a 5 out of five but it took 12 days
during this time there were several long
waits for a response so rather than my
initial thought of three and a half I
decided to dock an additional Half Point
the second rating was for a slightly
manufactured issue with a t-shirt giving
it a five support offered to replace the
T-shirt immediately without asking for
photos or any further explanation it was
the easiest thing in the world and the
absolute gold standard for what
contacting a support team should be like
it was so good it made me a little
worried people could take advantage of
Creator Warehouse
don't do that you know pleas if that
happens we'll have to revise our
policies and it'll be a this is why we
can't have nice thing situation we like
being able to provide no questions asked
Replacements if there's an issue with a
product are you ready for round two sir
no but here we go secret agent Alysa an
active mod of our subreddit bought a
mystery t-shirt three Northern Lights
desk pads two MCM Arch desk Solutions
and a sticker pack I got my package
yesterday everything looked great but I
realized I've got one too many med Arch
plates and one too few of the small Arch
plates also a bigger issue there's a
huge red mark on my desk PAD as though
someone took Sharpie to it gee Alyssa I
wonder how you put that Mark on your
desk pad can I have some help with this
thanks for contacting LTC store see from
oh this is just our autoresponder saying
hey we'll respond within the next 24 to
48 hours okay how long did we
actually God darn
it we took 3 days again over a weekend
that makes sense okay so we do
technically have some staffing over the
weekend but it is reduced so if you're
submitting a support ticket on a Friday
you might expect to see a little bit
more of a wait time and you know this is
actually probably a good prompt that we
should update this to say one to two
business days rather than 24 to 48 hours
it's also worth noting that we often
have big bursts in sales on Fridays yes
so we can actually have an influx of
tickets combined with lower Staffing
over the weekends Hey Alissa I'm already
here that received an effective and
incorrect merchandise first I'd be happy
to send you another small Arch set to
resolve the missing plates awesome
second for the deskpad we unfortunately
do not stock any of this item so we
can't replace it for you at this time
you ordered the last one Alissa at this
time I could either refund the affected
desk pad or replace it with a different
size or design that we currently have in
stock in either case you not be required
to send this back or send back the extra
medium plates you received please let us
know how you'd like to proceed so a bit
of context on this one this looks like
it would have been an order that came in
during the lime Day promotion where we
were clearing out we cleared out a bunch
of stuff how many SKS did we clear out
hundreds um so well not hundreds of SKS
but definitely hundreds of SKS no way
hundreds of skus this is a little bit of
an outof theorm situation and as I
referred to earlier we actually have a
number of new folks coming onto the team
and who have come onto the team over the
last 12 months or so who are heavily
focused on nailing down some of these
let's say smaller issues that come up
from time to time when we're clearing
out old inventory so moving forward I
would expect this to be a a very rare
situation I appreciate you got back to
me so quickly sucks I can't get the
exact replacement how about the W desk
pad it's not the same but I can make it
work and our response said that's
perfect we've created a new shipment
comp containing your 15 by6 W desk pad
uh we aren't able to send the plat
separately so feel free to keep the
extra small arches you'll be receiving
awesome as a rating for LTT in
particular for me definitely five stars
the quality of the merchandise is superb
I would absolutely order from LTT store
again everything was a winwin in my
books time for Michael secret agent
Michael's PTM 7950 also genuinely phase
changed in transit and looked worse for
wear it wasn't nearly as bad as na
though so he went with the help the item
I bought is too big approach now the
Marino underwear explicitly states that
if you have a concern with the sizing
after trying it on to reach out to
customer support so we did hi I bought
some PTM 7950 it seems to have melted
I've attached an image also I got the
Marino wool underwear in medium since
the regular medium fits great but it
seems to be not quite the same fit I was
hoping to get another thermal pad and
ideally the Marino underwear in small oh
how long did we take oh God August 16th
okay and August 19th okay so Friday
y'all got to stop reaching out on Friday
man you're going to kill poor Nick kill
he's going to lose his
hair sorry to hear about the issue
what's likely occurred as the material
began to slightly change phases during
Transit due to the ambient temperature
that's a thing that's totally a thing it
is however based on the images provided
your PTM remains usable in this state
due to the semi liquid nature of the
material it can be reshaped uh the
pressure of your heat sink will
ensure this is our uh one of our form
fills uh basically this is something
that comes up pretty Reg regularly where
somebody's like hey my thing melted and
we're like yep it's okay throw it in the
freezer you'll be all good it'll be cool
literally it's the first two letters of
the product name phase wait phase
tange first
letter yeah there'll probably be some
float plane exclusives on this one or
you know what no no no float plane
doesn't get a shout out today LTT store
shout out water bottle that's the old
water bottle yeah but I got the new V2
spout oh yeah cool you can get the V2
spout now it's better it's more durable
see I can't break oh my
gosh can't break
it for your Marino underwear your
exchange request would not ordinarily be
covered under our returner exchange
policy however given the circumstances
you presented we are able to Grant a
one-time exception Michael said I'd give
customer service a five out of five
since they addressed my issues quickly
and reasonably considering I sent the
ticket Friday afternoon thank you for
recognizing that they responded in less
than half a business day and I can't
really ask for more than that I'm happy
with how they handled the underwear and
I feel like if I did have problems with
the PTM I'd probably get another one
yeah so I'm really glad that the team
included that as a followup hey if there
are any issues please let us know trust
us
bro he literally gets ptmd whenever I
say that next up is
skoshi uhoh a broken clip uhoh skoshi
may have misunderstood what the common
issues with the water bottle lid
are um yeah that's that's not it the old
one used to break right here yeah that
is not a thing that used to happen you
would have had to force that in fact I
think I can see the marks on it from
where she forced it okay that's fine
that's fine let's see how we handle that
I recently received my shipment and my
water bottle lid has not been staying
on sure we said sorry to hear that your
lid has broken we'd be happy to Grant a
free replacement lid future Replacements
can be purchased here in this case I
mean we probably could have looked a
little bit closer at the picture and saw
that hey this isn't actually broken you
just need to pop it back but to the
team's credit this is an ongoing issue
that has since been resolved with the V2
you know oh skoshi said I would
definitely give five stars as far as
support goes responses were fast and
both emails I had to send effectively
solved the issue on the First Response
without hassle it was easy to find the
contact us page on the LTT store website
which you can't take for granted these
days at some point we may have some kind
of Bot or AI agent or something like
that but what I can promise is that
we're not going to hide it which is what
a lot of companies seem to do these days
overall great customer service and it
made me trust that if I had any actual
issues I would be able to receive
service and I can speak to that a little
bit as well so we are actively looking
into new Solutions as Lena said for bot
support and the purpose of that would
not be replacing any of the existing
reps that we have now or Trying to
minimize the human interactions that we
have but it would be removing a lot of
the tier one one if you want to call it
that interactions with support of
where's my order I need a replacement I
want to get a refund those types of
things and then allowing our team to
give even more time and effort to the
folks that have you know a problem like
the first one that was addressed there
with the t-shirt and the the leaking PTM
so we're cooking a lot of things in the
background and uh hopefully they will
Elevate The Experience even further on
LTT store last but not least we reached
out to the leader they accidentally
ordered everything to the wrong address
but after intercepting the package they
used a handy dandy Stitch Ripper to
sabotage our merchandise and send some
complaints to the support staff at LTT
store.com warning long uhoh not great
not great that's not how that would come
apart cuz they would have probably
talked to the fashion team about this
this one's going to be interesting yeah
thought it'd be easier to just forward
this to you my delivery address should
be the same as my billing address Google
p goofed on that so unfortunately this
St has received a shipping confirmation
it's not possible for us to cancel the
order at modifi its address which is
true if it's already in the system then
there's not much we can do I got
everything worked out I do have a
question though why did I get charged
taxes on checkout only to be charged
taxes from the Customs Authority in my
country have to say not a fan of being
charged taxes twice this has been a
longstanding issue uh which is very
frustrating due to how the ioss is
handled I believe it's called
International One-Stop shop um it's not
actually that much of a One-Stop shop it
it turns out because different Customs
authorities tend to handle these things
differently and the implementation that
we have on our Shopify site um is
imperfect I would say um we haven't been
able to find a solution to that so our
our standard policy is hey let us know
as soon as you get a receipt pay those
taxes and then we will issue that back
to you and then our our poor accounting
team has to deal with all the other
elements in the background of of
changing the reporting there so we
understand it's definitely not an ideal
situation we always do our best to you
know be in line with any laws that might
be applicable to us be that tax or
otherwise um quite frankly i' I've been
told by multiple people that the way
that some other stores handle it is they
just don't all right he sent us the
customs and tax bill and we'll provide
your vat refund immediately this will go
to your original payment method okay
totally
resolved but wait there's more hey there
I'm a little annoyed first of all you
guys ship with parcel force in the UK
who have the highest clearance fees
making my order cost more
my box was pretty beat up which wasn't
fun either luckily nothing fragile then
it seems one of the t-shirts has some
kind of a defect like look at this
sleeve sorry if I'm being rude here I am
autistic and not always the best at
communicating I I don't know I thought I
don't think that was rude at all I think
if you're a little annoyed then it's
fine to say you're a little annoyed I
think our support team would vouch that
in the grand scheme of annoyed customers
this is on uh on the Kinder side and to
be clear the vast majority of our
customers are very kind and very nice um
and there are many of them we're
approaching I think a million orders
we're likely to hit that within the next
few months here yeah and most of you are
so kind so we said hey I'm sorry about
the issue uh could have you confirm
which shirt is having the problem we
should be able to provide further
assistance once that is confirmed it's
the color one it has a triangle on it
question mark sorry to hear oh
no sorry to hear you receive defective
merchandise it's not possible to replace
this shirt due to a lack of stock sorry
about that and leave this to make things
right can do one of the following one
provide a different product or color
variant two a refund or three store
credit for the value please let us know
if any of these options work for you the
only issue with store credit plus
shipping is that I'm going to get
slammed for the import fees again which
would make having just a single t-shirt
order still end up costing money if I
get a straight refund will I also be
refunded in appropriate amount for the
tax and Customs that I had to pay on the
defective product and this one gets a
little bit complicated actually so we
said at this time any taxes you recharge
from our store have already been
refunded to you through the vet refund
uh since we do not charge any other
Customs or Duty fees you would have to
claim back any fees you've paid if doing
so is allowable under your country's
regulations sure just refund the
original payment method it was not an
ideal solution but I appreciate you
taking the time to explain my options I
didn't mean to be rude have a great
weekend oh my God there's more I have a
problem my cat spilled a beer on my desk
pad last night any chance you know how
to clean it I don't want to ruin it so
we said uh generally speaking they
should be cleaned with luk warm water
and a damp cloth in more extreme cases
your DK pad can be machine washed cold
on the delicate cycle and then Place
face up on the rack to dry obviously you
don't want to throw it through a dryer
um given that it is rubber so my rating
is three out of five although this
didn't impact my rating I do want to
point out that quite a few of the items
I wanted to order were out of stock and
that made me a little sad we are working
on that we're actively working on that
our skew count kind of ballooned over
the last 3 or 4 years and we haven't
done a great job of managing clearing
out the inventory that we just have bits
and pieces left of the LT Inventory
management experience sale we had this
year cleared out according to Nick
literally hundreds of SKS and then Black
Friday Cyber Monday which will probably
happen after this video goes up don't
miss it uh is going to clear out a bunch
more and then once that's done we're
going to try to maintain a more
manageable skew count so we don't just
have mediums in this shirt and extra
small and triple XL of that shirt and we
can keep things a little tighter
actually Black Friday should be a little
different than this year so keep your
eye out and sign up for the uh email
list if you haven't already for the most
part I was happy with the support I
received the first annoyance I had was a
complete lack of a support email address
on the store website I understand
there's a contact form and yeah I get it
but we need to use a contact form
because you can't actually rely on email
we had a lot of issues with stuff
getting flagged as spam yes that is true
and to be clear you still technically
can email the support email and it will
go through to our ticketing system we
don't prefer that you do it that way but
um we want to make sure that however
you're trying to reach out to us you can
um and that our support team can get
back to it as soon as possible our
support team does a pretty great job all
you got to do is go on the subreddit and
you'll find yeah maybe uh maybe we can
throw in some some subreddit post here
of appreciation for the support team I
would have preferred for support to be
done quicker especially when I sent an
email about a change of address within
the hour of placing my first order and
that's something that an automated
system could help with 100% but
something that humans cannot necessarily
help with because tickets are always
going to be first in first out so it's
not an issue of how quickly you sent in
that email it's an issue of how many
emails were sitting in the queue already
I would consider changing delivery
partners for the UK it was handled by
parcel Force we don't always know 100%
which Courier partner is going to be
used by our Courier partner and to add
to that even if we don't have a certain
career partner selected as part of our
overall group that we utilize whatever
career partner we're using might
subcontract out to another for certain
regions so for example some areas in
Canada only Canada Post serves so even
if you ship something via FedEx it then
gets passed over to Canada Post you'll
see an updated tracking code on Canada
Post and that's who will handle your
final delivery we're not at the scale
where we can have a UK office and
distribution center and an EU office and
distribution center and an Australian
office and distribution center it's just
not in the cards anytime soon but I will
say multiple distribution centers is
something that has always been suggested
over the years and we're in a better
position than we ever have been to start
considering things like that so that's
not a commitment that this will happen
but just know that we're we're actively
working on these things and and we're
constantly thinking of ways that we can
serve you better as LTT store it would
be nice if there was a document that
explained how to get a refund on the
import
fees
yeah we'd have to have a different
document for literally every country and
sometimes different regions in different
countries um
we'll file that away with ideas though I
was a little disappointed at the amount
of plastic packaging used for a clothing
product since when are we still using
plastic packaging what item is this oh
that's the Mac addess shirt oh and then
what's the one on the left I don't know
what that is I thought we switched over
to these glassing bags for all the
shirts so on a lot of our shirts we have
depending on the volume of the order
sometimes we're not able to given the
the overlap of order volume and product
size oh he means the volume of our order
from the supplier sorry yes the quantity
that we're ordering right of an item so
if we're ordering a few hundred of
something that's more Niche and we go
and like hm can we also have special
packaging they basically tell us to
pound sand well what they tell us is you
can order 250,000 of them the products
though top quality stitching was
excellent quality is amazing they're all
very comfortable I particularly liked
the use of a range of people on the
store to better gauge sizes I ended up
buying a size larger than usual thanks
to that feature and everything fits
great I give it a two and a half out of
five faster would help sorting out the
issue with taxes and fees being paid
twice alone would have made it three out
of five but what really bothered me was
the fact that I imagine many people
don't realize they need to ask for a
refund on that point I've ordered
previously and needed to request a
refund support is definitely improved
since then on both speed and Clarity but
there's still some improvements needed
overall then when we did good we did
really good when we didn't do as good
but it's clear that there's some valid
criticisms um especially with our UK and
EU shipping which we're aware of but we
don't have any immediate ways to solve
like like once and for all it's clear
that there are some misses that we can
give them better tools for so for
example when there's somebody who has an
item that we're not able to replace
maybe there's some sweetener that we can
add um to make that a little bit of a a
less negative experience may we could
find some store credit or something even
if it's not a direct refund you know
maybe we can do a little bit more to to
take that on our ourselves and and own
that a little bit further so I think
there's some really good learnings from
this um I think that we can definitely
make some really small adjustments like
24 to 48 hours to one to two business
days and and help just smooth things a
whole lot um and I think that with time
uh we're going to see a whole lot more
Improvement than we even have to date I
mean if we had done this 3 years ago
sometimes our response times were like
weeks when you go from getting 500
support inquiries in a month to 15,000
support inquiries in a month literally
from July to August um yeah
it's it's hard hard it's hard like this
hard segue to our sponsor ODU imagine
this you opened up a specialty boutique
store that sells bright yellow umbrellas
and things are going great but you have
to open 10 different apps just to sell
one item that's where ODU comes in they
are all-in-one business management
software takes the Essential Elements of
any business and combines them into one
unified operating system check out their
CRM and sales apps which make lead
generation and closing deals a breeze
their point of sale into inventory apps
let you both sell and accurately keep
track of items and their accounting app
can even help autocreate and send
invoices and even integrates with
28,000 Banks from all around the world
odu's highly customizable nature also
means that you only have to choose the
apps that your business needs I mean you
might not need an e-learning app for
your umbrella store right and if you
only need one of their many apps to
shore up your processes you can get
access to that for free best of all it's
super easy to use with a user-friendly
interface AI powerered features a
dedicated support team and even an
active community of folks just like you
so go start unifying your processes by
checking out our link for a free 15-day
trial or to set up a demo with odu's
expert team
hard like this punch to Linus's face if
you guys enjoyed this video make sure to
check out more from our secret shopper
series we just secret shopped my
investment framework we've secret
shopped the big players in the PC
integration
space it's not usually this stressful
I'm glad you had fun I did actually and
also I was stressed I don't know if this
is a net win for us or not I guess we'll
find out I guess we'll find out